Add documentation note on RTD-Binder incompatibility (#505)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

directory and included with your site build.
Binder links will point to these notebooks.

> Please note that it is currently impossible to host notebooks generated by Sphinx-Gallery via readthedocs.org, as it does not provide you with a GitHub repository you could link Binder to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   It is not currently possible to host notebooks generated by
   Sphinx-Gallery with readthedocs.org, as RTD does not provide you
   with a GitHub repository you could link Binder to. If you'd like to
   use readthedocs with Sphinx-Gallery and Binder links, you should
   independently build your documentation and host it on a GitHub branch
   as well as building it with readthedocs.
```

Reviewer: nice - thanks for the note! here's a quick suggestion
